docs/brainpy_handbook/en/neurons/biological_background.md, before:

## 1.1 Biological backgrounds

As the basic unit of neural systems, neurons maintain mystique to researchers for a long while. In recent centuries, however, along with the development of experimental techniques, researchers have painted a general figure of those little things working ceaselessly in our neural system.

To achieve our final goal of modeling neurons with computational neuroscience methods, we may start with a diagram of real neuron membrane.

<center><img src="../../figs/neurons/1-1.png">	</center>

<center><b> Fig. 1-1 Neuron membrane | NeuroDynamics </b></center>

The figure above is a general diagram of neuron membrane with phospholipid bilayer and ion channels. The membrane divides the ions and fluid into intracellular and extracellular, partially prevent them from exchanging, thus generates membrane potential ---- the difference in electric potential across the membrane.

An ion in the fluid is subjected to two forces. The force of diffusion is caused by the ion concentration difference across the membrane, while the force of electric field is caused by the electric potential difference. When these two forces are in balance, the total force on ions are 0, and each kind of ion meets an equilibrium potential, while the neuron holds a membrane potential lower than 0.

This membrane potential integrated by all those ion equilibrium potentials is the resting potential, and the neuron is, in a so-called resting state. If the neuron is not disturbed, it will just come to the balanced resting state, and rest.

However, the neural system receives countless inputs every millisecond, from external inputs to recurrent inputs, from specific stimulus inputs to non-specific background inputs. Receiving these inputs, neurons generate action potentials (or spikes) to transfer and process information all across the neural system.

<center><img src="../../figs/neurons/action_potential.png">	</center>

<center><b> Fig. 1-2 Action Potential | Wikipedia </b></center>

Through the ion channels shown in neuron membrane diagram, the ions can exchange between the two sides of the hydrophobic phospholipid bilayer. Because of the external inputs, ion channels will switch between their open/close states, therefore allow/prohibit the exchanges of ions. During the switch, the concentrations of ions (mainly Na+ and K+) change, induce a significant change on neuron's membrane potential: the membrane potential will raise to a peak value and then fall back in a short time period. Biologically, we describe this series of potential changes as an action potential, or a spike.

Commit message:

Modify biophysical model in handbook

docs/brainpy_handbook/en/neurons/biological_background.md, after:

## 1.1 Biological backgrounds

As the basic unit of neural systems, neurons maintain mystique to researchers for a long while. In recent centuries, however, along with the development of experimental techniques, researchers have painted a general figure of those little things working ceaselessly in our neural system.

To achieve our final goal of modeling neurons with computational neuroscience methods, we may start with a diagram of real neuron membrane.

<center><img src="../../figs/neurons/1-1.png">	</center>

<center><b> Fig. 1-1 换个图 </b></center>

The figure above is a general diagram of neuron membrane with phospholipid bilayer and ion channels. The membrane divides the ions and fluid into intracellular and extracellular, partially prevent them from exchanging, thus generates **membrane potential**---- the difference in electric potential across the membrane.

An ion in the fluid is subjected to two forces. The force of diffusion is caused by the ion concentration difference across the membrane, while the force of electric field is caused by the electric potential difference. When these two forces are in balance, the total force on ions are 0, and each kind of ion meets an equilibrium potential, while the neuron holds a membrane potential lower than 0.

This membrane potential integrated by all those ion equilibrium potentials is the **resting potential**, and the neuron is, in a so-called **resting state**. If the neuron is not disturbed, it will just come to the balanced resting state, and rest.

However, the neural system receives countless inputs every millisecond, from external inputs to recurrent inputs, from specific stimulus inputs to non-specific background inputs. Receiving these inputs, neurons generate **action potentials** (or **spikes**) to transfer and process information all across the neural system.

<center><img src="../../figs/neurons/action_potential.png">	</center>

<center><b> Fig. 1-2 Action Potential | Wikipedia </b></center>

Through the ion channels shown in neuron membrane diagram, the ions can exchange between the two sides of the hydrophobic phospholipid bilayer. Because of the external inputs, ion channels will switch between their open/close states, therefore allow/prohibit the exchanges of ions. During the switch, the concentrations of ions (mainly Na+ and K+) change, induce a significant change on neuron's membrane potential: the membrane potential will raise to a peak value and then fall back in a short time period. Biologically, when such a series of potential changes happens, we say the neuron generates an **action potential** or a **spike**, or the neuron fires.

A single action potential is complex enough, but in our neural system, a neuron can generate several action potentials in less than one second, not to mention there are numerous neurons in our brain. How, exactly, do the neurons fire? Different kinds of neurons may spike when facing different inputs, and the pattern of their spiking can be classified into several firing patterns, some of which are shown in the following figure.

[Figure shows firing patterns]

Those firing patterns, together with the shape of action potentials, are the target computational neuronscience wants to model at the cellular level.
